# Consumer-Review-and-Media-Analytics
This report provides an analysis of the customer experience and brand image of LISTERINE Mouthwash which is the world’s number one daily mouth wash by Johnsons &amp; Johnsons, world’s leader in the oral care industry. The Listerine brand lineup is competing in a growing, concentrated and highly competitive space. 85% positive consumer sentiment has been observed in the case of LISTERINE which is far better than some of its chief competitors. Growth in market share has the potential to be highly influenced by capitalizing on an understanding of the voice of the customer. In order to make sense of the customer experience and brand image we analyzed and understood customer positive and negative interactions. The voice and experience of the customer is easily accessible through different platforms like Twitter, reddit etc in the form of reviews and feedbacks. A proper analysis has been done to extract the real value from it. Main focus of our analysis was how customer are talking about the LISTERINE brands, what they are talking about in the customer reviews upon different social medias? With the data analysis we also focused upon the inflection points in the customer experience where the consumer sentiment is changing in any form not just in the LISTERINE brand line but across the Oral care industry as a whole. Once those inflection points wereidentified, we extracted insights from it in order to propose some positive and negative contributing factors and features of the product to the brand managers of the LISTERINE to work upon.
